RS: 7.4.6 July release docs (#484)
redis/docs: content/operate/rs/release-notes/rs-7-4-6-releases/rs-7-4-6-tba.md

- Added `shard_uid` and `shard_role` for each persistence file in the response body of [`GET /v1/bdbs/<uid>/actions/recover`]({{<relref "/operate/rs/references/rest-api/requests/bdbs/actions/recover">}}) REST API requests.

#### Redis module feature sets

Redis Enterprise comes packaged with several modules. As of version 7.4.2, Redis Enterprise includes two feature sets, compatible with different Redis database versions.

Bundled Redis modules compatible with Redis database version 7.2:

- [RediSearch 2.8.13]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisearch/redisearch-2.8-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisJSON 2.6.10]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisjson/redisjson-2.6-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisTimeSeries 1.10.12]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redistimeseries/redistimeseries-1.10-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisBloom 2.6.12]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisbloom/redisbloom-2.6-release-notes.md" >}})

> - [RedisGears 2.0.20 preview](https://github.com/RedisGears/RedisGears/releases/tag/v2.0.20-m21)

Reviewer: Please add a note - RedisGears preview will not be promoted to GA and will be removed from the next release.

Author: Added

Bundled Redis modules compatible with Redis database versions 6.0 and 6.2:

- [RediSearch 2.6.18]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisearch/redisearch-2.6-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisJSON 2.4.9]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisjson/redisjson-2.4-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisTimeSeries 1.8.13]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redistimeseries/redistimeseries-1.8-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisBloom 2.4.9]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisbloom/redisbloom-2.4-release-notes.md" >}})

> - [RedisGraph v2.10.15]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisgraph/redisgraph-2.10-release-notes.md" >}})

Reviewer: Please add a note - RedisGraph end-of-life has been announced and will be removed from future releases.

Author: Added

- (CVE-2023-41053) Redis does not correctly identify keys accessed by `SORT_RO` and, as a result, may grant users executing this command access to keys that are not explicitly authorized by the ACL configuration. (Redis 7.2.1)

Redis 7.0.x:

- (CVE-2023-41056) In some cases, Redis may incorrectly handle resizing of memory buffers, which can result in incorrect accounting of buffer sizes and lead to heap overflow and potential remote code execution.

- (CVE-2023-41053) Redis does not correctly identify keys accessed by `SORT_RO` and, as a result, may grant users executing this command access to keys that are not explicitly authorized by the ACL configuration. (Redis 7.0.13)

- (CVE-2023-36824) Extracting key names from a command and a list of arguments may, in some cases, trigger a heap overflow and result in reading random heap memory, heap corruption, and potentially remote code execution. Specifically: using `COMMAND GETKEYS*` and validation of key names in ACL rules. (Redis 7.0.12)

- (CVE-2023-28856) Authenticated users can use the `HINCRBYFLOAT` command to create an invalid hash field that will crash Redis on access. (Redis 7.0.11)

> - (CVE-2023-28425) Specially crafted `MSETNX` command can lead to assertion and denial-of-service. (Redis 7.0.10)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (CVE-2023-28425) Specially crafted `MSETNX` commands can lead to assertion and denial-of-service. (Redis 7.0.10)
```

- (CVE-2023-25155) Specially crafted `SRANDMEMBER`, `ZRANDMEMBER`, and `HRANDFIELD` commands can trigger an integer overflow, resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. (Redis 7.0.9)

- (CVE-2023-22458) Integer overflow in the Redis `HRANDFIELD` and `ZRANDMEMBER` commands can lead to denial-of-service. (Redis 7.0.8)

> - (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis, causing it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 7.0.9)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis can cause it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 7.0.9)
```

- (CVE-2022-24736) An attacker attempting to load a specially crafted Lua script can cause NULL pointer dereference which will result in a crash of the `redis-server` process. This issue affects all versions of Redis. (Redis 7.0.0)

- (CVE-2022-24735) By exploiting weaknesses in the Lua script execution environment, an attacker with access to Redis can inject Lua code that will execute with the (potentially higher) privileges of another Redis user. (Redis 7.0.0)

Redis 6.2.x:

- (CVE-2023-28856) Authenticated users can use the `HINCRBYFLOAT` command to create an invalid hash field that will crash Redis on access. (Redis 6.2.12)

- (CVE-2023-25155) Specially crafted `SRANDMEMBER`, `ZRANDMEMBER`, and `HRANDFIELD` commands can trigger an integer overflow, resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. (Redis 6.2.11)

- (CVE-2023-22458) Integer overflow in the Redis `HRANDFIELD` and `ZRANDMEMBER` commands can lead to denial-of-service. (Redis 6.2.9)

> - (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis, causing it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 6.2.11)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis can cause it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 6.2.11)
```

- (CVE-2021-29477) An integer overflow bug in Redis version 6.0 or newer could be exploited using the STRALGO LCS command to corrupt the heap and potentially result in remote code execution. The integer overflow bug exists in all versions of Redis starting with 6.0. (Redis 6.2.3)

Redis 6.0.x:

- (CVE-2022-24834) A specially crafted Lua script executing in Redis can trigger a heap overflow in the cjson and cmsgpack libraries, and result in heap corruption and potentially remote code execution. The problem exists in all versions of Redis with Lua scripting support, starting from 2.6, and affects only authenticated and authorized users. (Redis 6.0.20)

- (CVE-2023-28856) Authenticated users can use the `HINCRBYFLOAT` command to create an invalid hash field that will crash Redis on access. (Redis 6.0.19)

- (CVE-2023-25155) Specially crafted `SRANDMEMBER`, `ZRANDMEMBER`, and `HRANDFIELD` commands can trigger an integer overflow, resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. (Redis 6.0.18)

> - (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis, causing it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 6.0.18)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis can cause it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 6.0.18)
```
